Documentation for default Elasticsearch VDB (#472)
NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/rag: docs/python-client.md

3. Login to `nvcr.io` to pull dependency containers: `echo "${NGC_API_KEY}" | docker login nvcr.io -u '$oauthtoken' --password-stdin`

### Setup Milvus Vector Database Services (optional)

> Use this section **only if you opt into Milvus** as the vector database. The default Docker deployment uses **Elasticsearch**; see [Vector database configuration](https://github.com/NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/rag/blob/main/docs/change-vectordb.md). For Milvus-specific tuning (GPU/CPU, auth), see [Milvus configuration](https://github.com/NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/rag/blob/main/docs/milvus-configuration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this section only if you opt into Milvus as the vector database. The default Docker deployment uses Elasticsearch. Refer to [Vector database configuration](https://github.com/NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/rag/blob/main/docs/change-vectordb.md) for more information. For Milvus-specific tuning (GPU/CPU, auth), refer to [Milvus configuration](https://github.com/NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/rag/blob/main/docs/milvus-configuration.md).
```

ingestor = NvidiaRAGIngestor(config=config_ingestor)
```

:::{note}

> The API examples below use **`vdb_endpoint="http://localhost:9200"`**, matching the default **Elasticsearch** vector database. If you use **Milvus** instead, use `http://localhost:19530` (or your Milvus service URL) for every `vdb_endpoint` argument and ensure `APP_VECTORSTORE_*` targets Milvus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API examples below use `vdb_endpoint="http://localhost:9200"`, matching the default Elasticsearch vector database. If you use Milvus instead, use the `http://localhost:19530` URL value (or your Milvus service URL) for every `vdb_endpoint` argument and confirm that the `APP_VECTORSTORE_*` value targets Milvus.
```
